2.1.1 pseudocode)

Get the row and column of cell

If the column is 0:
    Return None because there is no cell to the west

Otherwise:
    Decrease the column by 1
    Return the cell on the board at that row and column

2.2.1 pseudocode)

move_player_right:
    Get the east neighbor of the player's current cell
    If an east neighbor exists:
        Move the player to that cell

move_player_left:
    Get the west neighbor of the player's current cell
    If a west neighbor exists:
        Move the player to that cell

move_player_up:
    Get the north neighbor of the player's current cell
    If a north neighbor exists:
        Move the player to that cell

move_player_down:
    Get the south neighbor of the player's current cell
    If a south neighbor exists:
        Move the player to that cell

    

2.3.1 pseudocode)

Find a random row and column on the board.

Get the cell located at that row and column.

Check if the selected cell is empty.

If the cell is empty:
    Change the cell type to FOOD.
    Add the cell to the list of food cells.
    Decrease the number of empty cells by 1.

If the cell is not empty:
    Do not add food to that cell.

2.3.2 pseudocode)

eat_food(cell):

    Remove the food cell from the food list

    Increase the score by 1

    Increase the number of empty cells by 1


2.4.1 Pseudocode)

Find the cell in the bottom-right corner of the board.
Check what is currently in that cell.
If the player is there, end the game.
If food is there, remove the food and update the food list.
If the cell is empty, update the number of empty cells.
If there is already an enemy there, do not add another enemy.
Otherwise, change the cell into an enemy and add it to the enemies list.

2.4.2 pseudocode)


Get the enemy from the enemies list using index idx.
Check what is currently in the destination cell.
If the player is there, end the game.
If food is there, remove the food and update the food list.
If another enemy is there, do not move.
Otherwise, make the enemy's old cell empty.
Move the enemy to the destination cell.
Update the enemies list to store the enemy's new cell.

2.4.3 Pseudocode)

